********************************************************************************
## Manifold Approximating Graph Interpolation for Cardiac LAT (MAGIC-LAT)

Version 2.0, Submitted to IEEE Transactions in Biomedical Engineering 2021.

Author: Jennifer Hellar et al.  
Email: jenniferhellar@gmail.com
********************************************************************************
### Environment
Python 3.9.0  
Packages: See requirements.txt

### Overview
Core implementation:
* _magicLAT.py_
    - Implementation of graph-based interpolation method MAGIC-LAT.
* _metrics.py_
    - Implementation of Delta-E and other performance metrics.
* _utils.py_
    - Implementation of realistic sub-sampling protocol.

Helper methods:
* _readLAT.py_
    - Parses the SpatialLAT text file from CARTO system.
* _readMesh.py_
    - Parses the MESHData .mesh file from CARTO system.
* _quLATiHelper.py_
    - Interfaces with the GPMI (quLATi) package.

Other:
* _const.py_
    - Defines directory and file paths for data.
* _params.py_    
    - Grid search for optimal regularization parameters.
* _plot_params.py_
    - Plots results generated by _params.py_.
* _plot_varied_m.py_
    - Plots results generated by _test_varied_m.py_.
* _test.py_
    - Tests GPR, GPMI, and MAGIC-LAT interpolation on a single map and generates
        visual results.
* _test_anomalies.py_
    - Plots LAT observations sequentially to view/identify anomalous points.
* _test_repeated.py_
    - Tests GPR, GPMI, and MAGIC-LAT on a single map with random repetition and
        saves performance metric results.
* _test_varied_m.py_
    - Tests GPR, GPMI, and MAGIC-LAT on a single map with random repetition and
        varied numbers of input LAT observations, and saves the performance metric
        results.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
